Imorove Building the source section (#2088)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-distribution: README.md

   Else you can disable central integration tests and build the repository.
   
4. Run the Gradle build command ``./gradlew build`` from the repository root directory.

> 5. Inside `ballerina/build/distributions/` directory there will be several zip distributions. From there extract `ballerina-<version>-SNAPSHOT.zip` file (eg:- ballerina-swan-lake-beta3-SNAPSHOT.zip). The other distributions are generated for installer generation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Out of the ZIP distributions in the `ballerina/build/distributions/` directory, extract the `ballerina-<version>-SNAPSHOT.zip` file (e.g., `ballerina-swan-lake-beta3-SNAPSHOT.zip`). The other distributions are used for installer generation.
```
